okay and I'm finally finished with my
box breaks it is now and I have these
they're still wait hi bolsa bladder and
I had a low blow also it was some kind
of work any group stimulator oh boy
yeah I remember I let it boil hot once
it started boiling fire and I dipped and
I dried it well so what I ran the water
out of it they said I'm taking a nap
today
oh and by the way I used a little over 8
many of a fourth the knife Thanks yeah I
may do a few just boils on how to how I
thought I mean you like one in a bun
wearing a ponytail gets so lame yeah oh
and I braided my edges in here and I've
never had a problem with ages breaking
on so yeah not too tight at all so
let me know what you guys think coming
right subscribe please I'll be back with
hobbies so I'm trying to use the video
right after I post this yeah